readme.md, before:

# CTEC3905 ASSIGNMENT

Welcome. This is your assignment repository.

In this file, we will expect a brief description of your project in [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) format.
Try to keep it to a maximum of about 300 words.
Though shorter is no problem.

The description should include a summary of your site content and the primary audience you are targeting.
Also include a brief description of how you have organised the content (a few sentences is fine) for the audience.
Make some specific reference to how you have adapted your site for different screen sizes.

If there are any parts of your code or user interface that need further explanation, you can include that here.
If anything is broken or doesn't quite work properly, you may explain what it SHOULD do.

You **must** include references (including links) to any external resources/videos/code examples that you have used here.

## Things to do

- Replace the content inside [index.html](index.html) with your own structured HTML.
- Replace the [replaceme.css](replaceme.css) and [replaceme.js](js/replaceme.js) files with your own files.
- Update the `<link>` and `<script>` elements to point to your new files.
- Replace the contents of this file (readme.md) with your own short project description as detailed above.

>We don't expect there to be much left of the original content in these files once you are done.
It should be all your own code.

Commit message:

Changed the colour of the menu toggler to have greater contrast Also added to the readme on how I used an example to create hover effects on my nav elements

readme.md, after:

# CTEC3905 ASSIGNMENT

Welcome. This is your assignment repository.

In this file, we will expect a brief description of your project in [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) format.
Try to keep it to a maximum of about 300 words.
Though shorter is no problem.

The description should include a summary of your site content and the primary audience you are targeting.
Also include a brief description of how you have organised the content (a few sentences is fine) for the audience.
Make some specific reference to how you have adapted your site for different screen sizes.

If there are any parts of your code or user interface that need further explanation, you can include that here.
If anything is broken or doesn't quite work properly, you may explain what it SHOULD do.

You **must** include references (including links) to any external resources/videos/code examples that you have used here.

I used https://css-tricks.com/css-link-hover-effects/ to learn how to create the link hover effects with gradient and edited it accordingly to fit the theme of Archery

## Things to do

- Replace the content inside [index.html](index.html) with your own structured HTML.
- Replace the [replaceme.css](replaceme.css) and [replaceme.js](js/replaceme.js) files with your own files.
- Update the `<link>` and `<script>` elements to point to your new files.
- Replace the contents of this file (readme.md) with your own short project description as detailed above.

>We don't expect there to be much left of the original content in these files once you are done.
It should be all your own code.
